Tell me about yourself?

Thanks for the question. First of all, I would like to apologize for my poor English and Eastern European accent, but I hope you will understand me correctly. I could tell you a lot about myself and my family, but foremost, I would like to talk about my professional background.

In the past, I successfully graduated from a national university in Ukraine, where I'm originally from, with a degree in enterprise economics. This allows me to have a good understanding of how any company operates, as well as its financial and business activities. I have different experience as well. In Ukraine, I grew up to technical director of a medium-sized enterprise. After moving to Germany, I worked in a call center on two major projects: Apple(MacOS, iOS devices) and Facebook. I’ve learned to get along well with different customers, and I’ve got understanding how to work large IT corporations, including their structures and main objectives.

I have recently completed training at the IT Institute Starta (Tel-Ran) as a Java developer, but I continue to study IT technologies that can be useful in my future work. For example, I am currently learning Python and JavaScript React (FrontEnd) as its are very popular programming languages today.

In the future, I hope to become a leading or full-stack developer. Excuse me if my story was too long. Perhaps you have some questions?


Additional tricky questions:
Why did you leave Ukraine if you had a good job?
I would have never left Ukraine, but after 2014, the situation got worse, and I was forced to migrate for the physical survival of my family. I went through a remote interview process and was offered a job in Germany in technical support for company Apple.

Why were you fired from your last job?
I wasn't fired; my contract came to an end, and it wasn't renewed. I was supporting Russian-speaking customers, but the company stopped its operations in Russia and no longer needed as many employees. However, they provided me with good recommendations...

Why did you study Java?
It is one of the most popular object-oriented programming languages that I often heard before. But recently, I realized that it would be useful for me to learn Python and JS as well.
